)what is closure ?
a closure in javascript is when inner function remembers and that has access to the outer function variable, functions and other data even after the outer functon has finished its execution.
3 scope chains :- 
own scope where variables defined between its curly brackets , outer function variables , global variables 
function createBankAccount(balance) {
  return {
    deposit(amount) {
      balance += amount;
      return balance;
    },
    withdraw(amount) {
      balance -= amount;
      return balance;
    }
  };
}
const account = createBankAccount(1000);
console.log(account.deposit(500));  // 1500
console.log(account.withdraw(200)); // 1300




)what is first class functions ?
means that functions are treated like any other variable.
you can assign function to variable
you can pass function as an arguments to another function 
you can return a function from another function 


)what is first order function ?
it is function that doesnot accept another function as an argument and doesnot return function as its return value.
its regular function that works with primitive or non-function values 


)what is a higher order function ?
it is a function that either accepts another function as an arguments, returns a function as its result or both 
it is widely used for creating modular , reusable , expressive code 

)what is unary function ?
unary function is function that accepts exactly one arguments 

)what is currying function ? 
it is a process of tranforming a function with multiple arguments into sequence of nested functions, each accepting only one argument at a time .
benefits of currying :- improves code reusability , ehances functional composition , encures clean , modular code 


)what is pure function ?
it is a function whose output depends only on its input argument and produce no side effects.
means that for given same inputs , a pure function will always return the same output and it does not modify any external state or data 
benefits of pure function :- easier testing , predictability , immutability , no side effects 


)what is scope in javascript ?
scope is the accessibility of variables , functions , objects in some particular part of your code during code runtime.

)what is IIFE(immediately invoked function expression )
this is the function that runs as soos as it is defined
the primary reason to use IIFE is to obtain data privacy because any variable declared within the IIFE cannot be accessed by outside world then it throws as error 



IMP:-3)What is the difference between call , apply , bind ?
this are the methods which allows you to controls the context(this value) in which a function is executed.
purpose is simliar :- they differ in how they handle arguments and when the function is invoked 
call() :- the call() methods invokes a function immediately , allowing you to specify the value of this and pass arguments individullay (comma-seperator ) 
apply:- the apply() method is similar to call() , but it takes the function arguments as an array (or array-like-object) instead of individual argumenst 
bind():-
the bind() method creates a new function with specific this value and , optionally , preset initial arguments 
unlike call and apply , bind does not immediately invoke the function : instead , it returns a new function that you can call later 
call and apply are almost interchangeble ; both invoke the function immediately , but differ in how arguments are passed 
binds down not execute the function immediately . instead it creates a new function with the spefified this value and optional arguments , which can be called later 
use call or apply when you want to immediately invoke a function with specific this context . use bind when you want to create a new function with specific this context to be invoked later 

call-->invokes function immediately --> arguments are passed in comma-seperated list --> function results 
apply--> invokes function immediately -->  arguments are passed in arrayor array-like object  -->function results
bind --> doesnt invokes function immediately --> (optional)present, then rest --> new function is returned 




)what is arrow functions or lambda expressions? 
this function provide a concise syntax for writing function expression in javascript.
this functions are often shorter, more readable, especially for simple operations or callbacks
this function do not have their own this, arguments, super bindings ,they inherit these from their surroundings. 
they inherite from their surrounding (lexical) context.
cannot be used as constructor / do not have the prototype property 
