)What is promise?
A Promise is an object that represents the result of an asynchronous operation.
A promise is a javascript object that represents eventual completion of an asynchronous operation and its resulting value.
A promise can be in one of three states: 
pending : Initial state, neither fulfilled or rejected.
fulfilled :- the operation completed successfully.
rejected : the operation failed.  


)why we need promise ?
it is used to handle asynchronous operations, which often work with non-blocking operations such as network request, file I/O and timers.
it is used to : handle asynchronous operation , provide a cleaner alternative to callbacks , avoid callback hell , make code more readable and maintainable 


)what is callback?
A callback is a function passed as an argument to another function, which is executed later.
a callback function is a function that is passed into another function as an argument.
this function is invoked inside outer function to complete an action.

)why we need callbacks ?
Handle Asynchronous Operations, Control Execution Order, Make Functions Reusable, Event Handling, 

)what is callback hell?
callback hell ia an anti-pattern with multiple nested callbacks which makes code hard to read and debug when dealing with asynchronous login.

)what are main rules of promise ?
A Promise Has 3 States: once it is settled we cannot change it 
A Promise Settles Only Once 🔒
.then() Handles Success
.catch() Handles Errors
finally() Always Runs (regardless of success or failure)
Promises Are Chainable ,Each .then() returns a new promise👉 Returned value goes to next .then()

)What is promise chaining ?
Promise chaining allows you to execute asynchronous tasks step by step in sequence.


)what is promise.all ?
it is a promise that takes an array of promises and it gets resolved when all the promises get resolved , or any one of them get rejected.

)what is race in promise ?
it is method whch takes an array of promise and it will return the promise instance which resolved or rejected first.


)what are the pros and cons of promise over callbacks ?
pros:-
it avaoid callback hell which is unreadable 
easy to write sequestial asynchronous code with .then()
easy to paralle asynch code with promise.all()
cons:-
it makes little complex code 
you need to load a polyfill if ES6 is NOT SUPPORTED 

