what is the difference between == and === javascript ?
In javascript, == the loose equality operator, which compares two values for equality after performing type coersion if necessart.
this means it converts the operands to the same type before comparing 
=== is the strict operator , which compares both values and their types 

Is javascript compiled or interpreted ?
javascript is mostly interpreted , but modern browsers also compile it just-in-time to make it faster 
the browser reads your javascript code line by line and runs it directly 
modern broswers (like chrome v8 engine) first translate parts of your code into machine code while running it , so the computer can execute it much faster 


How many ways an HTML ele can be accessed in javascript code ?
4 ways :- 
getElementById() method :-it is used to get the ele by its id name.
getElementByClass() method :- it is used to get all the ele that have the given classname.
getElementByTagName():- it is used to get all the ele that have the given tag name.
querySelector():- this function takes css style selector and returns the first selected ele.

What the return-value difference between x++ and ++x?
both increment, but return different value :-
post increment (x++):- return old value , then increment.
pre increment (++x):- increment first , then return the new value


what is the difference between var , let and const and what is the temporal dead zone ?
var :- declares variable with function or global scope and allows re-declaration and updates within the same scope 
let:- declares variables with block scope , allowing updates but not re-declaration within the same block 
const :- declares block-scoped variables that cannot be reassigned after their initial assignment.


1)what are the possible ways to create object in javascript ?
:- there are many ways to create objects in javascript :-
object literal ,object constructor ,object create method ,function constructor with prototype , object assign method, ES6 class sntax , singleton pattern
main this two:-
---)object literal:- 
const obj={
	name:'vaibhav',
	phoneNo:1234567890,
}
object literal property values can be of any data type , including array , functions , nested object

---)object constructor:-
const obj=new Object();
obj.name='vaibhav';
obj['job-profile']='software engineer';



2)what is prototype chain :-
It is a core concept of javascript inheritance model. It allows object to inherit properties and methods from other object 
the prototype chain enables inheritance in javascript. If a property isnt found on an object , javascript looks up its prototype chain . The prototype of an object instance can be accessed with Object.getPrototypeOf(obj) or _proto_.
the prototype of a constructor function is available via Constructor.prototype 
the chain ends when the prototype is null. 


IMP:-3)What is the difference between call , apply , bind ?
this are the methods which allows you to controls the context(this value) in which a function is executed.
purpose is simliar :- they differ in how they handle arguments and when the function is invoked 
call :- the call() methods invokes a function immediately , allowing you to specify the value of this and pass arguments individullay (comma-seperator ) 
apply:- the apply() method is similar to call() , but it takes the function arguments as an array (or array-like-object) instead of individual argumenst 
bind():-
the bind() method creates a new function with specific this value and , optionally , preset initial arguments 
unlike call and apply , bind does not immediately invoke the function : instead , it returns a new function that you can call later 
points)call and apply are almost interchangeble ; both invoke the function immediately , but differ in how arguments are passed 
binds down not execute the function immediately . instead it creates a new function with the spefified this value and optional arguments , which can be called later 
use call or apply when you want to immediately invoke a function with specific this context . use bind when you want to create a new function with specific this context to be invoked later 


4)what is json and its common operations :-
JSON(javascript object notation ) is a lightweight , text-based data format that uses javascript object syntax for structuring data . It was popularized by Douglas Crocford and is widely used for transmitting data between a server and client in web application 
